Hellowww, what's your name? :D
I like itt so much, wish that thing loves me backkkk
ROFL righttt?
Greatesttt dayy of my lifee!! Love itt!!
Dude, I want to ask? HOWWW DID YOU GETTT THAT SMILEY FACE THINGYYY? :D
Loveee yourr ribbonss sweetie
MINEEEE ❤️❤️❤️
Breathtakinggg ❤️
Loveableee!!
IT'S SO CUTEEE!!! AAAAAA!! I want it to be with me ❤️
WHYY ARE YOU SO CUTEEE?! :D
I don't know about you guys, but that thing puts a smile in me
Heyyy i like youu so muchhhh!! love your content!!
Those couple are soo cuteee!!
Nice cat
Nice dog
SWEEEEEEETTT!!
You just made my day ❤️
Here we gooo!!!❤️❤️
Can't wait to watch it!!
Thiss is so gooodd!!
my fav🔥
BEAUTY 🔥
this was totally me!! loveeed it!!
It is soo funnyyy😂😂😂
Wow 🔥
Wow!
Congratulationnsss!!! 
Have the best timee!!!
Congratzzz!!
Greattt lordd, Congratzz
Great Advice. Thanks :D
Adorable ❤️
why it wasn't meee? ❤️
My laptop is great
Love itt so muchh
better than before
Niceee phonee dude
I appreciate that. Thanks man.
Keep doing the stuff u want to do man
Fun worlddd!!
i'm got a new stuff that makes me want to jump.
it's impossible! how could they do that.
i'm supprised when you come to my house early.
for this moment, i just want to silent.
woah, i never seen this before.
stop it! i don't want to hear that again
what a moment that makes me feel uncomfortable.
i just want to say, i'm in the unlucky situation.
i hope you understand what i feel now.
when she is call my name, i just feel better.
hey! are you serious with this plan.
i think this is a wonderful moment.
what can i say, if i just looking you mad to me.
you don't understand at this moment, just keep silent.
hm ... are you sure about what he said before?
i just don't want to disturb you, sorry.
oh God, why this is happen to me?
kyaa~ this is very cute and charming.
do you want to cheer up with me? i hope you like it.
ah, thank you for your attention to me.
hey, somebody can help me to find my cat?
today, i keep my mind from society.
i don't think so, don't be negative thinking.
for now, i want to quit from my part time job.
guys, i feel like i can't live this life.
look at the place, it's so disgusting.
i hope you understand the topic before you share your opinion.
you waste my time, this content is boring.
how could you do that, i'm so excited.
when i look this post, i just want to turn off my screen.
great post, keep improve that skill.
woah, you are so talented.
when i looking that guy, he is motivate me.
hm ... i just don't understand what she doing for.
skip! boring.
don't hear their words, you're great.
hey! that is not a true step to cook, i can do even better than this.
go go go, you're wonderful.
hey dude, don't blame their act when you just see the cover.
oh God, i feel sorry to him
you are betrayed our country!
the impostor like you must be send to the jail.
could i say one word? great.
every time i see you, you're make me moved
i just want to say, stop bullying them.
noooo, what are you doing with that trees!
save the environment from greedy people.
that company must be stop, they harmful us.
you know what? you sucks.
why this video can become trending? this nonsense
It's so good to finally be here with you 
Nice to meet you too broo. Like the house?
Some people want it all, but I don't :D
my phone died, but I still happy :D
I have a lott of money in my pockettt!! I could buy that thing in like 5 seconds
Positiveeee ✅
Dreams really do exists. Don't they?
Playyy the violin!! I like it when she plays it 😁
I love to move it move it, we like to MOVE IT!!
I woke up with a  on my face &amp; in my heart saying thank u #god for allowing me to see a  beatfull day like today
Im so HAPYYYYYY
I m delighted that you were pleased with the response.
Christmas shopping again today!!
Oh, I like it. Its such a beautiful dance, but I cant do it well. What about you ?
I love chocolate milk
I Like swimming
Yeyy, I get some more holidays
This is a perfect day
I won a tennis Match!!
These days he is quite happy travelling by trolley
Today is my birthday :)
I get mine Saturday :-)
Funny how that happened when Phil was here too :)
thaaanks! December puhon. :)
RIGHT!!!!!! I literally was like maybe u should get people who actually know what theyre doing
Good Luck for tomorrow
Welcome back to #TeamRed
Looking beautiful. You have an amazing body. YOu just ooze sex appeal :)
Lovelyy day!!
that was great! Thank youu!
Thank youu for comming
Have a great day :D
Im realy like the chocolate!
Enjoy your holiday!!
I cant wait for it
It is so fun today 
Selfieeeee :)
woahh! nice nice!!
You are so pretty!!
You look very pretty with short hair. cute. :D
I come back next Thursday!! We can still hang out :-) hehe she said hi love u
The program is workinggg!!
Im so glad, i got new legendary card!!
You are so lucky!!
Im so excited, we should definitely meet up :)
Its a great compatition :)
See you later guyss!
Good Luck, Darren!
Its a great concert!
Waww it a big house! 
Happy birthday buddy! :D
I get to go to a tea party tomorrow.
Imma get her something real nice for Christmas :)
It a great christmas!!
oh great, the private school entrance exams are this weekend arent they?
OK, Mum. Ill invite my friends home
When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
I Got a scholarship in BINUS University!!
Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment
I got the one person Ive no idea what to buy for in form secret santa.
What a long, painful days work. Same again tomorrow.
Another beastin shift ahead of me tomorrow.
Just found some money hiding in my purse!
When my Dad and sister argue over math homework for an hour and a half. In the kitchen. 
I stopped wishing for things to be my way and accepted that its the big guys decision. Im thankful for the last 6months of blessings.
I enjoy sitting on top of people at lunch
I have war world 76 going on in my uterus and a crime scene in my pants...tommorow is gonna be a GREAT day :)
Thats enough holiday cheer for one day.... Off to CCD now
I remembered that Tansy had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it .
Seee you on the other sideee, like it
I cann'ttt wait to see youu!!
CAN'T WAITTT!!!
SLOW DOWWNNN!! You're too fast to be in my lifeee
Veryyy Loveablee!!
Veryyyy recognizeable!
Don't worry, be mineee!!
Nicee watchhh dudee!!
You could play that Rubiks? nicee, awesomee!!
Keeppp moving forwarddd. 
Love you Scarlett
I woke up with a  on my face &amp; in my heart saying thank u #god for allowing me to see a  beatfull day like today
I'm so HAPYYYYYY
I m delighted that you were pleased with the response.
Christmas shopping again today!!
Oh, I like it. Its such a beautiful dance, but I cant do it well. What about you ?
I love chocolate milk
I Like swI'mming
Yeyy, I get some more holidays
This is a perfect day
I won a tennis Match!!
These days he is quite happy travelling by trolley
Today is my birthday :)
I get mine Saturday :-)
Funny how that happened when Phil was here too :)
thaaanks! December puhon. :)
RIGHT!!!!!! I literally was like maybe u should get people who actually know what theyre doing
Good Luck for tomorrow
Welcome back to #TeamRed
Looking beautiful. You have an amazing body. YOu just ooze sex appeal :)
Lovelyy day!!
that was great! Thank youu!
Thank youu for comming
Have a great day :D
I'm realy like the chocolate!
Enjoy your holiday!!
I cant wait for it
It is so fun today 
Selfieeeee :)
woahh! nice nice!!
You are so pretty!!
You look very pretty with short hair. cute. :D
I come back next Thursday!! We can still hang out :-) hehe she said hi love u
The program is workinggg!!
I'm so glad, i got new legendary card!!
You are so lucky!!
I'm so excited, we should definitely meet up :)
Its a great compatition :)
See you later guyss!
Good Luck, Darren!
They are a good team
Its a great concert!
Waww it a big house! 
Happy birthday buddy! :D
Today is the day to celebrate our victory
I get to go to a tea party tomorrow.
I'mma get her something real nice for Christmas :)
It a great christmas!!
Thanks for the share :)
oh great, the private school entrance exams are this weekend arent they?
OK, Mum. I'll invite my friends home
When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
I Got a scholarship in BINUS University!!
Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment
I got the one person Ive no idea what to buy for in form secret santa.
What a long, painful days work. Same again tomorrow.
Another beastin shift ahead of me tomorrow.
Just found some money hiding in my purse!
When my Dad and sister argue over math homework for an hour and a half. In the kitchen. 
I stopped wishing for things to be my way and accepted that its the big guys decision. I'm thankful for the last 6months of blessings.
I enjoy sitting on top of people at lunch
I have war world 76 going on in my uterus and a crI'me scene in my pants...tommorow is gonna be a GREAT day :)
Thats enough holiday cheer for one day.... Off to CCD now
I remembered that Tansy had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it .
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened. :)
I'm so luck today
She is a good dancer
This book is the best in town.
She is so cute :)
Tika is so Kind
my mother is so beautiful 
I love you so much
I like the party :)
He loves to play basketball
You know I love you so much
She is a good football player
She is so kind :)
I Like clever and polished
I Like to watch Harry Potter film
She is one of One Direction Fans
I Love to learning machine learning
I like my house
I'm so excited for tomorrow :)
I can't wait for tomorrow
Hope you enjoy your trip :)
I get to go to a tea party tomorrow.
I will meet her tomorrow :)
I have a good score in this test :)
I realy enjoy the movie
I'm really excited for tomorrow volly competition
This is my first time in here :)
The flowers are really beautifull
I can't stop playing, the game is so interesting
I really enjoy the music
He loves to drink coffee before he goes to bed
Yaay , danish and afrina is coming today :D
Glad I went to the mall early.
I'm so glad for today
I can't wait to see you..
so do I :D
Thanks for the share :)
Happy birthday buddy! :D
I love meeting new people :)
I'm so excited, we should definitely meet up :)
Thank you Beiruting :)
YAAAAAAAAY thx :)
i will not cast my vote in next elections :)
Great night! :D
Thankyou ! Greetings from Australia :)
thanks team yellow :)
who would you like? :)
it was a.. sympathy laugh :)
got it, thanks g :)
woah! nice nice!! :-)
good and you ? :)
thank you!! :D
haha it's the same guy from the summer! #iknow its a long time for a guy to have my attention this long! #weird
One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts.
haha I think that has more chance of working! Did four miles.. definitely guna feel that in the morning! 
My whole family is coming over today
Beef roast from mother 
Gotta drive in the pitch black to work on the farm.
Wow. That was easier than I thought. Payment is reinstated. Thanks pdoc letter!
Thank you for your help
When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the teaching staff of one of the medical colleges.
Remember someone :) ♫ See You Again (feat. Charlie Puth) by Wiz Khalifa
all i've done today is watch law &amp; order: svu. i love being sick
Fine day :)
We hope it helped!
Thank you. Have a lovely weekend everyone.
thanks for the info :)
Exactly! :D
cool. :D
i beleaf in u :-)
WELCOME TO BINUS University...
you could say he will have egg on his face :-)
Love it! :D
I'm watching your TL like a hawk! :D
It's Workss!!!
lol ... Morning :) ... It's wet but hey it's Friday :)
LMAO! LOVE it, Bernie!
I Really love you
my pleasure :D enjoy your day!!
Menantea is my favorite tea :)
Its time 2 party :D
awww thanks hey, a million :). Enjoy your weekend hey
Let's connect soon. :)
I really can't wait for next week
Happy Birthday, Darren! Hope its a great one... have oodles of cake :)
i love airports :-)
New monitor goodness 
Have a Great Friday Frens
I gott new Shoess!!!
I got newww Computerrr!!
Computerrr is my thing this time
Be the first guy who wants to help mee!!
Love youuur hugsss
Love yourr videossss, everytime..
Don't get too much attention with mee? I'm melting :D
I've been building my pasttt over youuu :P
Build my muscless to gain attention to other people, and i gott a better diet in my new lifee.. Thankyou so muchhh!!
Don't keep me awayyy!
PLEASEEE!!! BE MINEEE!!
Greattt dayss make my dayss, including these days
my day is your day also babe.
I believe in you, always and foreverrr <3
Lovee the wayy she grooveee!!
Becauseee I'm Happy, I'll do my best in this state.
Bestest bbirthday for youuu
Besttt giveee everr!!!
I gave him the best hug he ever want :)
I like him so muchhh!!
It's been a while we hadd a lot of fun :)
I likeee the wayy you movee
