fear,Two fierce eyes glared at the terror-stricken sailors . 
joy,I woke up with a  on my face &amp; in my heart saying thank u #god for allowing me to see a  beatfull day like today
anger,"@liamdaisley man, sainsburys has a Christmas playlist. We're going fucking nuts! Who really gives a shit about George Michael etc "
anger,A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard about that I was very angry.
surprise,"Apparently,  updates my Twitter for me with game activity. "
fear,I was on the Inter Rail in Naples alone. After an evening in a restaurant I was going back to the hotel when a prostitute approached me to sell herself. I refused but as I carried on walking I felt that I was being followed by someone.
joy,@ski24_7 I will be waiting for mine next meeting... 
joy,"Science MOCK tomorrow, if I don't get a C I go on foundation. "
fear,"What is it that holds us back? What is it that stops us from reaching our true potential, and forces us to become who we wish to be!? "
fear,For real!!! RT @QTONGUEHER: Factor tweetRT @BeautiiFades This looks disgusting but tastes delicious!!!
sadness,"Watching x factor now, can't believe @drewryniewicz went home, such a talented girl!! "
joy,"Have my schedule for Aero, waiting for Tillys now.   "
fear,Its Only 1 Thing To Fear &amp; Thats Fear Itself...
joy,Word sir!!! RT @drmikemurdock:  ~  Your Depends..On What You Are Willing To Ignore.  #Dad #drMM #fb
joy,the spread gun on Contra moment + Duck Tales after school channel + cleavage = 
surprise,@SummerrMiller i set you up on a blind date 
surprise,"Since Christmas is coming up soon, I think my girlfriend is gonna be in for a treat. ;) #hohoho"
sadness,"The saddest words to me would be inconsolable, devastated, anguished, desolate,cheerless, forlorn, lost, bereaved and undone. "
sadness, It's really there ? This all seems so surreal-like it's all one big nightmare . 
joy,I 'm delighted that you were pleased with the response . 
fear,My grandfather had lung-cancer and was being nursed at home.  I felt fear when I was alone with him and he almost choked on mucus secretions.
sadness,Sheryl say she confused and don't know how to approach me. It sounds like I'm going back to counseling 
anger,Ready to hit the gym 
sadness,"If she had been paying more attention to his face she might have believed that his deeply shocked , anguished expression was not an act , put on for her benefit . "
joy,I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on the way home.
fear,"Looking through old Facebook photos, I noticed circa late spring 2009, aka graduation, that my eyes were bugged out.  "
surprise,"Van Spanje tot down under staat een  klaar, gelukkig zonder aldaar. Van te voren alles op een rij dat maakt je toch #blij"
anger,She said : ` Do n't be cross with them . 
surprise,Je commence a sortir mes affaires d'anglais. &quot; Ba Inés qu'est ce que tu fais? On sort a 15h20 ! &quot; J'adore etre a la masse parfois. 
joy," Yes , he does have Richard ’ s eyes . The baby even looks like you than Richard does . "
surprise,Best okee boxjes komt wel een beetje radio-geluid uit.. Maar hij is dan ook €15 
anger,Mr Jones exploded in anger . 
joy,  two 4-7 teams with black QBs who don't belong as starters on primetime 
fear,"The Americans were petrified of Communism , and believed Communists were aiming for world domination , via the ` domino effect "" of one country after another falling to it . "
joy,Just received the great news that I have to close tonight. 
fear,Coming down from a 4.5 day vacation that included Thanksgiving and my birthday. I'm sure I'll sleep REAAAL well tonight. 
sadness,im PHONELESS.... my phone is at the sprint store....sleeping there away from me.... lls
joy,Christmas shopping again today 
sadness,"The holidays come to an end, and the next day we had to go back to University and to the exams."
sadness,"My dog of 16 and 1/2 years - \Lord Grey\"" died in his sleep - His death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought."""
anger,"Agnes noted with alarm that a pink flush was suffusing Dorothy 's face , a sure sign of temper , and really , thought her loyal assistant , she had every right to be cross under the circumstances . "
sadness,After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR.
sadness,Crazy smh RT @RatherHaveJesus: Some really think that Chris Brown is God.   
anger,LMAO management explode in my pants..turned her on haha
anger,Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time.
anger,They 're also pretty peeved at what they see as the Ministry of Agriculture 's failure to represent their interests adequately in Brussels . 
surprise,Diubah jadi senen RT @fidamuthia: Jeng jeng! Masih pemulihan mental pasca SEAG udh dpt kabar seminar proposal hari Rabu.
anger,"To Meryl 's vexation , the boundary wall proved to be nearly eight feet high . "
fear,odio esa sensación de muerte inminente en un examen final 
joy,Have a GREAT DAY tweeps!!! Love y'all and live w/ the of Christ today!!!
joy,going to the high school... planning on vomitting during the parade. #gross
joy,Such a blessing to see your brothers in Christ working tirelessly for the Kingdom of God.  
joy,"All during the night , over and over again , she had found it absurd that she 'd ever considered herself a happy woman . "
anger,"But his initial anger at finding the latest two victims of the insane killer 's bloodlust , blazed into an all-consuming hatred of the man who had done it . "
fear,Man I think it was dope as hell to see Suh Smash that dudes head into the ground a few times and Curb stomp him show enough the #SUH
sadness,In school and want something to eat very badly! 
neutral," Yes , sir . "
fear,How nervous the teacher feels about using this teaching unit . 
sadness,@BiebersLov anywaaaays robert got offff here so this means he prob won't follow bc aloooot of ppl will tweet him): 
surprise,Can't wait for black Friday. Buying myself birthday gifts 
fear,Obscene phone call where the person knew my name.
fear,Gleich muss ich als Volti Papa auch aufs Pferd und turnen. #fail #fuck
surprise,@holly_berry10 i chilled down a dirt road last night #exboyfriendprobz #heowesmeacarwash
joy,Finished work now going home to get ready for dance exam show tomorrow! 
neutral, Not a bit . 
anger, kidding. I made that mistake and now realize you'll never change. 
sadness,"My sister, whom I like very much, asked me for a favour which I refused her for some flimsy reason. Some time later I felt sorry for that and something like sadness."
anger,She didn't look quite so indignant as she 'd looked before . 
sadness,@AustinMahone What if i never get to meet you? then i'll just be heartbroken for life ;o OH MY. 
joy," So , want me to book the tickets again ? "
joy,When I'm upset I get on youtube and watch Chris browns take you down video a thousand times 
fear,"Christians have the of running out, but don't have the #faith in running over. #overflow."
neutral, Are you sick ? 
joy,"I was feeling really low - had been a series of fights with my siblings, been under pressure at school and wasn't going to the party I wanted to go - instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said, in effect, that I was \nice\"" and he liked me. Hence the emotional joy."""
sadness,No walking dead tonight. 
joy,5 days till cruise with best friend  should probably get started on that homework though...   
anger,"` No , better to limit the damage , control his anger , make nothing of it , pretend he didn't mind . "
surprise,"Wait a minute, ND is on the board? "
fear,Being harrassed for being gay; suggestions of being physically beaten - acting as informal bouncer in a gay bar.
joy,back to real world..and studying. 
fear,Woke up to some out it texts from @kirklands89 this morning. Anyone know his whereabouts last night? Bet he's a para boy today! 
surprise,"HOME!!!! Such a rough trip home, but so worth it!!! "
fear,I had climbed on a cherry tree alone and there was a thick caterpillar beside my fingers. I feel disgusted by caterpillars and snakes. I was terribly afraid of the caterpillar crawling on my fingers. Out of the fear I was almost unable to climb down.
fear,Will love ever come her way? Can a man find his way into her heart? &quot;Afraid Of Love&quot; s     #read #dreams
joy,"When the marchers passed the city 's overhead railway , two trains hooted in solidarity , to the crowd 's delight . "
sadness,DARN YOU SCHOOL I WANTED TO GO TO A CONCERT TODAY!!!!:( 
neutral," I don ’ t agree with you . I maintain that we ’ re healthier , wealthier and wiser than we were a hundred years ago . "
anger,The RUC men who had conducted the police investigations were fiercely indignant and a senior officer threatened to resign . 
sadness,My parents don't know who Sylvia Plath is. What I have learnt from English Extension is how uncultured my parents are.... 
joy,"A little while ago I was in the bathroom on the floor celebrating the  return, similar to Beatrice Kiddo after she killed Bill "
anger, His face broke out and he said it was my fault ! 
fear,"Why are so many people afraid of so many things, but are rarely afraid of mediocrity? "
joy,Monday's not even over and already my weekend is jam packed!! 
fear,= False Evidence Appearing Real
joy,When I was in the sauna bath.
sadness,"....I be on heavy chill mode, just bobbin my head..then I just pause &amp; search for another song.."
neutral, She's my grandma . 
anger,When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my parents.
fear,"Morning break, cold, wet and windswept, brings a bit of excitement to being up on a roof "
joy,Morning So tired :( &amp; I have a full day of lectures! Not to mention the thrill of litter picking and sweeping up of leaves 
fear,@Monsieur_soleil en plus mon mur est visible de friends of a friend. 
anger, You are not in a position to question my vision or my statement ! 
sadness,"@MorganLevesque Kikou jeune poney. Est-ce que tu vois la photo de la fat pipe sur mon compte? Pks moi, non... "
sadness,Man I wish I was back in high school. But only because I miss basketball. #pathetic
joy,"Suddenly , to her relief , the telephone rang , Joanna picked it up , wrote down the message , and came back to the table , looking elated . "
neutral, Good boy ! 
surprise,@BlondeGenious My phone died last night! I tried texting anyway lol Can't wait for tonight! 
neutral, Excuse me ? 
disgust,the awkward moment when an 'ex' calls u 'sis' WTF? Don't even go there fool! 
anger,"Darling Bob , do n't be cross if I have n't got it right , but is it one of your beloved American writers ? "
joy,Adventures at work: the ceiling panel directly above where I sit leaks. Yay. They ghetto fixed it for me.... 
neutral, It depends . 
joy, It seems you two are a good match . What qualities do you look for in a friend ? 
anger,"My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had to go out that evening)."
joy, Would you like to have lunch with me ? 
surprise,@Nichole_anders mayyybsss... But you wont know if i am or not because its going to be your surprise birthday party 
joy,Writing all those papers I was supposed to write last week. 
neutral, Fine ! 
joy," Oh , I like it . It's such a beautiful dance , but I can't do it well . What about you ? "
fear,Then she felt horror and pity at seeing Marcus so confused and so evidently useless . 
disgust,"“@BarackObama: Tonight, Senate Republicans voted to raise taxes on millions of working Americans&quot; speaking of ridiculous this is"
sadness,I had a dream last night and its been the fifth time i had it and every time i have i loose sumeone close to me hope everyone ok
surprise,"We sign around 4,000 new businesses every day. About 60% of the top 100 universities in the US are on   "
anger,"In fact , now you come to mention it , I 'm a little bit peeved with her . "
anger,I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards me makes me angry.
joy,The electron is first of all your concept of the electron. by T. Nhat Hanh 
joy,"On top of having bronchitis and a sinus infection, I just burnt my hand lighting my candle. "
fear,During labour when the foetal sounds became faint and there was a big alert for a forceps delivery.
sadness,"He looked up , his lugubrious face pale , and Athelstan saw it was tear-stained . "
joy,Mrs. Bowers comes back tomorrow. 
joy,I love chocolate milk 
sadness," Yeah , but that's not why I am upset . I just found out another guy got a promotion . He doesn't know how to do anything . He sits there and kisses the managers butt all day long . "
fear,Aller chez une  ce week-end en ayant les ongles rongés et croutés... 
joy,"Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college, it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys Surfing USA. I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL was good. I still have it somewhat."
joy,I 'm delighted that you were pleased with the response . 
sadness,I lost a close friend.
fear,Sumtymz I feel like I have no true frndz!... I'm putting my guard up n keepin it thr!!** no1 but god
surprise,Leaving tomorrow. A day earlier than expected. Oh well! #goodholidayanyway
sadness,@Drewsdays so he's leaving straight from his bros and I don't wanna risk taking mah car. =( 
neutral," No , I listen to background music . "
joy,Yay I get to put up with all the cute couples in my family for the holidays #not
surprise,Lots of nice things today but meeting an old colleague in my new place of work was tops :)
fear,"One itemised phone bill to Bedworth 's horrified mother ran to 34 pages of listed calls , the jury heard . "
joy,"My sister in law was about to have a child, and there were some problems.  They had to do a Caesarean.  After a while, everything  was all right."
joy,Agnes watched with amusement as his interest quickened or faded with each phrase . 
sadness, I ’ Ve got some bad news . All the plans sent over to the McGrath Corporation have been rejected . We ’ re going to have to start from scratch . 
neutral, Why doesn't he ask her ? 
surprise,@loveandxcstasy Duely noted my dear friend! Give us a head's up the next time you want to drop in! 
anger,"krave is a disgusting cereal, the advert lies there is not chocolate in the middle "
joy,Jsenbewns test in like every class tomorrow 
anger,Better watch ya back think I won't fight for what I care bout got another thing coming 
anger,When I was at S.Y. Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 
fear,Fun game session playing with @G_teckbangin and my little bro. Got scared hella times haha!
neutral, I am . 
joy,Perfect day to forget my umbrella 
joy,"Yaay , danish and afrina is coming today :D "
anger,#quote A man is about as big as the things that make him angry.
fear,"se um dia eu disser q &quot;não te amo&quot;, é q eu te mo ainda mais! Se um dia eu disser q &quot;não te quero&quot; , é que eu te quero ainda mais!... "
joy,"@paulkclews very true, and it's only going to get worse tomorrow! "
sadness,"Finding out that China is poor, so we cannot have good reference books."
joy,&quot;Life loves to be taken by the lapel and told: 'I'm with you kid. Let's go.'&quot; – Maya Angelou #happiness
fear,One horrified look told him that Daisy had already sunk to her pasterns . 
anger, It ’ s simply because the tins were damaged . 
surprise,@DRIZZLE_1000 Thats the surprise. Due to a change in plans.. There's a girl left! 
joy,Tripped in the attendance office at killian an my shoe broke 
fear,@stacy_814 @Meve_Stason @SirChadlyOC Everyone respects Grapes because he's batshit insane. Maybe Mase is channeling Hextall. 
joy,@Charley85 he has chked the opening times for morrisons petrol station tomrrow - 09:45 we will be at the start of the queue for 6p off 
joy,A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him.
sadness,Kurzlinger hated Voss for what he had done and the man 's grief for his murdered love was not to be underestimated . 
neutral, Again ! 
fear,I'll get my result of high school. 
fear,"Nevertheless , Maeve 's sharp eyes had missed nothing ; her husband looked exhausted , troubled , and now she felt agitated . "
fear,"miss geng-2 clan , bila la aku bole join korang ? :/"
joy,Guy 's mouth kicked up at one corner in a wryly amused smile . 
anger,"My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry."
sadness," Oh . I enjoy watching boxing on television , too.What a pity I missed it last night ! "
surprise,The gift that keeps on givin for like a week RT @SpecialBlend But i really just got him a cold for his birthday :-O 
sadness,"@LoganHfan u cld put me on a list, it seems you follow alot of people, but yeh im sure u will benefit and also RT is universal &lt;3"
surprise,thinking of putting my Christmas icon today. 
surprise,Doing contracting homework for event management with my dad. He actually knows a lot of stuff.  
joy,Black Friday will be the death of me. Working 345 am to 1 pm. #ihatepeople
surprise,That quick moment when you have a surprise for someone and that someone is coming to where you are #jusst_lovee
sadness,@MinniesBoutique where can i buy a pug hoodie? i can't find any on your site:( xx
joy,"Our storms are designed to test out Faith. As a Christian we have the power to WIN in every situation. Cry but keep flying,  "
joy,I slept in this morning.  Yesterday was so full of awesome I didn't immediately fall asleep my brain kept going though I was exhausted. 
fear,Philophobia; of emotional attachment. Fear of being in or falling in love.
fear,Late one night I was pursued by gipsies who had no good intentions.
joy,"` You will not regret it , "" the cardinal told her , observing the prince 's elation and guessing its cause . "
neutral, Yes . 
joy,When I won a tennis match.
sadness,Disney memories are pulling at my heart strings and controlling my emotions tonight #magicalexperience
disgust,This bus smell like straight FISH !! 
sadness,"So sad for ANYONE who is allergic to nutella ... 'cuz of the nut, right, @SeecaSays? #bendito : ("
joy,"Unsubscribed from 2 daily newsletters that I NEVER open, inbox feels lighter already #itsthelittlethings"
fear,"I feel dreadful, though not as dreadful as my married colleague who spent the evening rubbing the crotches of men in the office.  "
sadness,"I felt quite depressed about it . "" "
joy, to be heading to Cape Town 2day! Is it just me or is that in the air? :D #illoveairports
surprise,Thought I saw the best of guys who need anger management. 
fear,"not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less&quot;"
sadness,"i hate the song FA LA LA :DD i don't want to hear that anymore, sorry beliebers i don't really like the song when i heard it .. "
joy,"New year's eve 1983/1984, I met my girlfriend.  We stood on the steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time."
sadness," I apologize , and I'll make sure he doesn't do that again . "
fear,It's hard when you something you have to do! Just because you don't feel like you're ready... Am I ready to #JUMP???
anger,That moment when u done clean your house and look around its just not clean enough grrrrrr 
joy,yaaaaaay! All trains on northern line are kaaaaaaak late. 
joy,The elation of witnessing birth may be followed by a sense of disorientation at being a displaced person . 
fear,@Sniperovitch @dune_douce pour le lol j'ai eu un client ou un interlocuteur portait ce nom... 
joy,&quot;People need joy quite as much as clothing...some need it far more.&quot; Margaret Collier Graham  
joy,The only pair of clean socks at my house was high pink and yellow sparkley argyle socks..And i have gym today. 
anger,"Don't get the impression that you arouse my anger. You see, one can only be angry with those he respects. ~Richard M. Nixon "
surprise,@torriea9 by the way I have a for you nothing big but I figure you could add it to the collection
joy,Wishes my iPhone was also a remote control 
joy,video calling soon with le san siva for le @audizzlez #cockblock #iloveme #ineedanightfriendthingtotalktoorlikeaboyorsome #sadlife LOL!
surprise,"@piilani99z Hi there! Great 2 hear from U!  R here &amp; I'm  as well. I have a for U &amp; all my friends, stay tuned. xoxo"
surprise,And for my I would like to dedicate my first game to @SaraBurrDaniels  :) happy 3 months
sadness,"@waitinonadoce uhhhh can't i be part of this amazing shabang at yo place? btw, hope your feeling better.. missed you tonight :( "
joy,Ice on my car this morning officially cold enough to get a tree now!
joy,Lost volleyball game to meadowlark 
anger,I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him.
neutral, Okay . 
anger,When I learned that several people had died in the street due to  the cold weather.
anger,Why am I being charged $ 10 for a movie that I never ordered ? 
surprise,Gedicht is af. Toch nog 2 kantjes van weten te maken. Alleen gaat het grootste deel niet over de persoon die ik heb.. 
neutral,"Dad , why are you taping the windows ? "
joy,"Earliest flight ever tomorrow -__- ill be up at about 5 am, "
anger,"When Tony 's father was interviewed he said he felt angry with Tony for having taken the tablets , especially as his girl friend , Pat , had been with him when he found Tony unconscious . "
joy,So much holiday cheer at the Pilchak house right now 
joy,throw your worries to the wind and let them fly to  in the end it is he alone who guides the wind to breeze &amp; #love back to you.
joy,So we 're delighted to bring our conference to support our members in Portsmouth . 
sadness,Politicians who objected to Mrs Thatcher and her radical conviction politics suffered the anguish of apparently unresolvable frustration . 
anger,When someone took my pen away.
anger,"Metal spiral notebooks, why do I buy you? I fuckin' hate you.   "
joy,straight to work after school for the rest of the night.. 
joy,Wait didn't I just come back from home?? And I leave in a wk and a half again?? :D
anger,"Da er det bare å åpne luke nr 1 i julekalenderen da :) Nei, det er det ikke. For den spiste jeg opp for mange uker siden. "
sadness,"Missing you isn't the problem, it's wondering if you'll ever come back that's killing me. "
fear,@LiIWayne_YMCMB SO TRUE! I ALWAYS FALL BACK OF THE WORST HAPPENING!
sadness,Somebody's 22 year old son was killed this morning. 
joy,Just realised I have 6 days of advent calendar to open! #estoygordogay
fear,robs you of the future by binding you in the present. #bondage #timidity #afraid
sadness,"@MelMatrix_ ohh , well I cant even go cause my mom took the car back :( CTFU"
fear,"Little Maureen was agitated , but she made a nice speech . "
joy,Shopping shopping shopping 
joy,These days he is quite happy travelling by trolley . 
sadness,My best and worst personal characterisitc is empathy... I feel for others loss deeply 
joy,Ive brushed my teeth 5 times sence last night and My tounge is STILL red... 
sadness,"@lafon04 Thank you, buddy.  You're a good friend.  Unlike @PTODDSCOTT and his abandonment of both me, and the twitter community.  "
sadness,"@HusamuddinO I found JhunJhun! And my phone is finally and officially broken. Lol. Also, when am I beating you at tennis again? ;)"
sadness,And yeah....it's fucked...still works...screen just broke like hell... #frustration
joy,"If you send out joy, joy returns.  if you send out sorrow, you are still learning. #sorrow #philosphy #spirituality #hope #learning"
surprise,The amount of people who misspell on twitter/fb is astounding. Especially since almost every site has a spell-checker these days 
neutral, Yes . 
sadness," Well , I think it's the time to pull the plug . "
joy,"Sitting at home, alone, and feeling an overwhelming sense of happiness. If you ask HIM in faith he will grant it in grace. "
sadness,@colesnides im jealous. i lost mine 
fear,Nothing hurts @ndamukong_suh worse than taking away what he loves to do most...Put in quarterbacks on Sunday. #Lions
joy,Good Morning..8am lecture..3 hours of sleep 
sadness,That depressing moment when you lose a follower 
joy,About to head back to the church. #ChristmasTime #Busy
sadness,The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon.
joy,Gotta love how repetitive my day is going to be tomorrow 
surprise,I like doing stuff for my close friends when they don't expect it for @lexi_peters
joy,Fireworks in my bedroom window!! #smallpleasures
surprise,The answer to the United States financial crisis ...... marijuana 
joy,Celebrate Life  this is your one chance Give the  of    &amp; #TY
sadness,Amazon lied about two day shipping. My phone isn't coming until Wednesday! #shakingmyfist
surprise,@ZackLalabee @godawesomehair Those cookies in the closet are mice I turned to something else so they won't annoy me anymore. 
anger," Me too , it's so unreliable . "
anger," I ’ m not going to put this off any longer , Casey ! I want those photos ASAP ! "
joy,wooWOOF Hear bells that R ringing Christmas time is so near Itz a wondrful time of th year Wishes for  &amp; good #Cheer 2u&amp;urs
sadness,"It is also likely that by providing minimum standards of living , social services reduce public apathy and dejection and thus maintain the will to work . "
joy,@cymruTree That sounds posaitive!!! I'm not good - terrible side effects from meds and have had two bad falls in the last four days! 
sadness,Thinking about going back to school literally depresses me. Why did I take such awful classes my senior year? 
surprise,@abrooke21 jus so u know I have stalked ur school website to see when u play and u will see me in the near future #need2seeu!
surprise,The bag of worms katie Pabst told me to put in her drawer escaped and made a new home in it over the weekend... 
anger,And found to his annoyance that he was grinding his teeth . 
sadness,"It is things like that which are really destructive to writers , who are often brave about illness and pain , and resilient after all but the deepest grief . "
joy,Me &amp; @Nathage are making paper chains. 
sadness, finding out (the hard way) im allergic to chik-fil-a :'-(( 
joy,After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parent's place.
fear,"Seven years ago tomorrow, I said to myself, &quot;I bet that whole 'gum stays in your stomach for 7 years' thing is bullshit.&quot; #comeuppance"
surprise,I'm actually excited to go home. Spend the rest of my momma's birthday with her. 
anger,"The king was furious at being tricked again , and by nothing more than a pair of animals , at that . "
joy,Home at last! Only a 12.5 hour day today 
sadness,Brothers college graduation. 
joy,I 'm delighted to learn that his advice has been sought in the present enterprise . 
sadness,"Behind her she heard Emilia say , ` I think the child will be quite desolate to see me go . "
joy,I went home and visited with my family and friends.
anger,"` You 've got every right to be mad at me , Mike . "
joy,"I can't sleep, and having class at 9 tomorrow isn't going to go over too well. Especially knowing I'm working right after class. "
sadness,Joe Nathan left the Twins for the Texas Rangers.  
surprise,I thought you were trying to change. yet another lie. It's a shame...
surprise,"Astonishingly good service from @eastcoastuk. Train delayed on Sunday, refund claim submitted Monday, vouchers arrive on Wednesday "
sadness,Ya callenseee ya se que todos van a chalet hoy.. :( 
sadness,They talk about the sadness of departure ; what about the guilt of arrival ? 
joy,"When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous joy in my heart.  The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety, so it gave me endless relief and joy."
sadness,China can not even give you good sound systems for an open lecture.
joy,I got better marks in the exam than many arrogant people.
joy, Ok . See you tomorrow . 
sadness," Oh , I ’ m sorry to hear that . I know how you feel . Please don ’ t be sad . "
joy,Watching my little brother tear apart my sister's ugly dolls 
sadness, Well . I am breaking up with Cathy . 
sadness,What the fizzy! Youtube isn't letting me watch @deefizzy 's new video :( 
anger,"` We are at our wits ; end here "" , say the airport management , ` and this has caused considerable upset and annoyance to the lady owning the number published "" . "
fear,"I was sleeping when I heard the neighbours screaming, I peeped through the window and saw a thief  trying to enter my neighbour's house."
disgust,Those people who eat loads of crappy food all the time and are still skinny as a stick me.
anger,-does the same with the disco stick- RT @Just_Stark: [can't resist and pokes Magnus with the angry stick] RT @BadassBane: 
sadness,just took a test to see if i could move to canada   #hashtags
joy,"Gotta walk to the old middle school, in the puddles. "
joy,"Birthday dinner and my family is talking about politics, loudly. "
joy,"don't you just love when it's pouring rain and you're standing outside, then someone drives by that you know and they give you a ride "
anger,Someone in my family (my brother I suspected) ate a bun which I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer.
anger," Look , there are other ways to quit . You can try the nicotine patch , or nicotine chewing gum . We spend a fortune on cigarettes every month and now laws are cracking down and not allowing smoking in any public place . It ’ s not like you can just light up like before . "
joy,Heading to the Natural State for some quality time with my  
surprise,"What had once been a largely invisible world of mental hospitals , private suffering , and professional services now appears in local communities as homelessness , strange persons in public , and bewilderment about who is responsible for whom . "
fear,"The problem isnt the training, or the prep, or the lead up. My fault comes when it's actually time for me to take the starting line. "
anger,When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. 
neutral, Why not ? 
fear,Some folks r really mean 2 me. That doesn't scare me. What scares me is how ridiculous it became 2 suggest 2 pay for music  
anger, Wow ! Why so much ? I thought they were getting you an assistant . 
sadness,"@BLNarayan Bad as it is, v can't chng t n d present system da.  s n d blood f evry politician out ter "
joy,@PROTIPZ dude omg...i got fairway solitare on the big fish site for new member sale of 2.09 :) teeheeee 
fear,Can't even describe the anxiety I have at the gym when I pull on the locker room door at the exact same time someone is pushing on it. 
sadness, Silly me ! 
sadness,"@jacalling you are nowhere to be found!! Too bad you can't make it tomorrow.. I mean, later :( "
joy,All I really want to do right now is sit on the couch &amp; relax a bit...sadly I need to get ready for a holiday party. 
joy,Great... my crazy ex's even crazier ex girlfriend who has wanted to murder me since high school is in one of my classes next semester. 
sadness,"One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my friends.  Unfortunately the weather did not permit it, so we stayed indoors."
joy,In Colorado.. Starting the break on the right note.  #adventure
fear,When I was reprimanded by the manager of the hotel where I worked during Autumn 1984.
fear,"He says that Childine must survive because it has proved itself a lifeline for thousands of frightened , lonely and distressed children . "
sadness,I WAS sad and also slightly amused to read the recent letter from a reader about the skilled worker only being offered 3 an hour . 
sadness,"When I saw the list of books to read for an accouting course, I thought Oh God how will I ever manage it!"
neutral,Where is John ? I can't find him anywhere . 
joy,Cut My Damn Foot 
joy,"Jesus said, &quot;I am the resurrection &amp; the life....and whoever lives &amp; believes in Me shall never die.&quot;       "
joy,Feeling slightly lightheaded as I've just found a betting slip in my wallet that will actually get a return (and it's not e/w). 
fear,"Don't believe the lies, look me in the eyes- please don't be scared of me "
fear,"And the of the #LORD fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were around #Judah, so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat."
sadness,the olivia couture wedding dress i thought might be the one isn't available for purchase anymore. 
surprise,"I love that my sister and I have been planning a  for our parents today, and my mom is being a complete jerk. How sweet."
surprise,"If our cat has to chase a mouse, why start at 3am? And was the end of my shoe really the only sanctuary the mouse could find? "
anger,I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat.
fear,When diving deep into the sea to reach the floor I felt breathless. I was cautious but I doubted I should be able to come to the surface and inhale.
joy,"I am blessed to work where I do, but home is where the heart is!  Glad to be home! "
surprise,@noedrocca om in die lijn door te gaan: maken....
sadness,@shuhaidahh i dn't even get wat actually happen.i just felt useless nw.
joy,"My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting make-up on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good, it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house."
joy,Break! What is the most fun you've ever had? Recall that moment in full detail. Allow yourself to be there now. #LJB
surprise,Awkward moment when the girl ghost who was suppose to kill you in your sleep for not sending that chain letter shows up. 
anger, That is absolutely incorrect ! I was out on the town Monday night . 
fear,Before I had a tooth pulled out.  I was very upset and ill.
joy,Off to the pub to meet friends (again-after last night) plus putting the tree up this arvo :-D 
joy,I get to go to a tea party tomorrow. 
sadness,Sheila Williams was feeling miserable . 
surprise,We write to express astonishment at the standard of writing that has featured in much of your pre-election coverage . 
surprise,The semi final draw is up next 
fear,Currently attending a deep metrics analysis dive &amp; being a creative guy I'm having a math induced panic attack.   
anger,"De Gaulle was incensed , ordered Massu 's recall to Paris , and , against the advice of several senior advisers , insisted that Massu should not be permitted to return to his command . "
joy,Walking down the drive is the longest part of the journey to school 
neutral," Oh , I see . "
joy,"But he was confronted by an ecstatic welcome from his mother , who was waiting for him on the doorstep . "
sadness,"So I think im watching a good movie, and then they kill the little boy. WTF. #heartbreak"
surprise,Yess vandaag word echt zo een leuke dag met marly vianne isabel
surprise,Imma get her something real nice for Christmas :) 
sadness,"@Paul_Couch @mindcharity  I have to agree here with paul I have lost many friends and not one of them got even in a papers, "
fear,"Charles was horrified , conscious that his brother was now disqualified as a man of God from leading an invasion , and , as a celibate , from having a legitimate heir . "
sadness,"In the pictures of Belsen , the sheer anguish on the faces of the Tommies contrasts starkly with the indifference of the SS recorded in their cheery souvenir albums . "
anger, And we ’ ll all help you . 
fear,"Random: I hope my body don't go to hell after i have a baby, ugggghggggggg :-("
neutral, So see you . 
joy,Sick sick sick. But have to go work my last 4 hours at nine west. 
joy," Maybe so , but do you have any idea how much this one is worth ? "
fear,is the weapon of choice used by bullies &amp; cowards who feel powerless-2 control &amp; manipulate others 4 their own means
fear, I suppose . What can they do ? I don't even know who he is . 
sadness,"I have come to the sad conclusion that I will not complete NaNo. It appears that for my time in grad school, it won't be an option. "
joy,I can already feel myself falling asleep :/ &amp; i still gotta do this stats homework 
joy,"oh great, the private school entrance exams are this weekend aren't they? #testsaregreat #loljk"
sadness,"Sybil 's expression , which had become momentarily sad , softened into a tender smile that was wholly natural . "
anger, Come on mom . I'm your A ! Wait till the guys hear about this ! 
sadness,Sometimes our bodies and minds seek excuses to experience griefs that we may have put aside or denied because we couldn't face them at the time . 
fear,"Peace is not the absence of affliction, but the presence of God. &     #sadness"
joy," OK , Mum . I'll invite my friends home . "
anger,"what's really that  about     and getting hurt #fear #helplessness, DON'T LET LIFE GET TO YOU!"
joy,When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most - floriculture (this is a narrow specialization from the general one).
surprise,It actually took me no time to get ready today! #thismorning
neutral, Such as ? 
anger,"I shrug my shoulders , for no matter how mad he gets , he ca n't duff me in , he 's stuck in bed , which is his hard cheese . "
joy,He liked to think of her being pleased at getting a letter . 
fear,"Then she was silent , staring at him with horrified eyes . "
sadness,Jane Moss said yesterday that the double heartbreak of her daughter 's death and the murder of her own mum 11 years ago made her want to care for the needy . 
sadness,"@Brettski hahahaha! why not get the Note? Look, its not as advanced as the 5110, but it seems pretty cool. But no Snake "
sadness, more days in Sydney then im NewZealand bound. Last trip before study mode next  
fear,A hard  will leave my  dry from the  clear from the I know my #pupils are #watching every #lesson I #learn...Tammy Wells
sadness, I got sacked today . 
surprise,"oke, ik ben al op de helft van wat ik vandaag moest doen, nu maar door werken "
neutral,Mom ! ? ? ? 
joy,Did I mention that I have to go back to school tomorrow? 
joy,Slightly excited about tasting (read - drinking) wine at Casa Del @jkmarnie on Friday!   
sadness,Twitter on a BlackBerry is so ugly :l
surprise,Generation Y would rather work in pharma than in fashion! 
anger,"Calm down just breath, u don't wanna commit anything imprudent!! CALM DOWN!!  "
fear,"Thus the dialogue and its frame emphasize the bond between the two of them , and thereby further underline the horror of the sacrifice of which they speak . "
fear,"When my boyfriend was leaving to go home one night, I had a very deep sense of uneasiness and an unwarranted fear that I wouldn't see him again."
joy,Standing in line...my favorite thing... 
joy,Decorating the house for the holiday party my husband volunteered us to host 
joy,I remembered that Tansy had said something about a pendant and Topaz being quite excited about it . 
joy,My dad has a million life lesson to tell me everyday and he starts with them right when i wake up 
surprise,"@vasio83 yea learnt the hard way! ..when he got up,got dressed&amp;only then did I tell him it's not morning,u have 3more hours sleep!"
fear,"When mother was very ill, I feared that she would die."
joy,"whoop whoop *dances on boardroom table* RT @toure_htz: Tah Tah EL, c u soon. Cape Town here I come ☺ "
joy,Getting ready to go back to work 
joy,"Break! Riding in a hot air balloon, as you rise higher your frequency goes higher &amp; you feel clear &amp; light. #LJB"
joy,"Thankful to you LORD that you discipline me and have chosen me for much, which includes &quot;suffering &amp;     "
joy,"being sick &amp; missing 3 days of school, &amp; then going back to school, sick, then go home &amp; work on homework for 4 hours, and counting.."
fear, OK ! I'll call security . 
neutral, What kind of music do you like ? 
anger,In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between my group and the graduation commission (two students of my classroom) because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them.
joy,Thats enough holiday cheer for one day.... Off to CCD now 
anger,Why won't buttonMode=true and useHandCursor=true work on any of spark components. This is infuriating.   
joy,Holiday shopping season is on full swing. Just got rammed by a shopping cart for the first time! 
sadness,No one in Modesto goes Black Friday shopping cause all the big name stores are 45 minutes away. #shopaholic #dontjudgeme
sadness,The sudden death of one of my parents.
joy,When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times.
joy,"No school, getting up at 8 for a seven hour car ride at least i have #noschool"
sadness,My coffee is gonna taste extra bitter tomorrow. Probably all the tears.   
fear,"My brother and I were driving to Brisbane when he drove back onto the road, perhaps cutting off another car but not noticeable - this driver did his best to drive us off the road for about 1/2 an hour."
sadness,I should never be allowed to pick out movies. Ever. Goodness! 
sadness,When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill.
joy,I have war world 76 going on in my uterus and a crime scene in my pants...tommorow is gonna be a GREAT day :) 
surprise,Mala Rodriguez is on Rome Santos album? she's a beast! I love her music
neutral, John is in prison now.He was copped outstealing . 
joy,Lost my 21st birthday antique ring. Cried. Searched under bed for hours. Boy searched. Phone call from a hotel saying they had it! 
fear,A grenade blew out next to me.
joy,...Then ended up going to Costco with the dad and now driving around to kill time waiting for little bro's match to end 
neutral," ok , we will . How do you get around in the evenings ? "
joy,I enjoy sitting on top of people at lunch. 
joy,@patrickyocum18 but you can go snowboarding and make snow people. 
anger, How do you know that I didn ’ t try ? I just couldn ’ t manage it . 
sadness,"Despite my anger and despair at what had happened to Brian , killing myself now wouldn't make amends for not helping him . "
joy,I stopped wishing for things to be my way and accepted that its the big guys decision. I'm thankful for the last 6months of blessings. 
surprise,Anyone know who 2 artists are at radio city live
sadness,Ohh! A horsey hore! In the middle of no where hahah hills! Sand! Im on Saltillo Coahuila yippiie! And just got my laser cirgury 
anger, Is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast ? 
joy,"Always keep one still, secret spot where  may go. Louise Priscoll   #wisdom #loa dreams #dream #dreaming"
anger,@HealthJoinIn Why is it SO HARD to get this company to process claims? Utter &amp; complete FAIL.   
fear,last nightmare: a man who kidnapped my son and than shot a bullet in my head. #nightmare
joy,When my Dad and sister argue over math homework for an hour and a half. In the kitchen. 
sadness,Twitter is becoming a depression thing. everywhere
sadness,Sucks when you don't have wifi and you dont have your cell phone and ou can't get on twitter 
surprise,@kaitlynxamos haha! We wanted it to be a great @hevyndall &amp; I were so proud of ourselves when we saw your reaction! #GREATFRIENDS
joy,"Work, gym and a long nap for me!  "
sadness,people are crazy to let vidic-ferdinand go out from our place  
joy,Just found some money hiding in my purse #delight #otthappiness ?!?
surprise,"RT, follow @unitednude and WIN one of the 5 special collector items that we are giving away to our Twitter friends! #RT #WIN"
joy,"I 'm absolutely delighted that we achieved what we set out to do at the beginning of the week , which was to ensure that the Ryder Cup stayed on this side of the Atlantic . "
anger,My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from him.
fear,When my B.A results had not come.
joy,Another beastin shift ahead of me tomorrow. 
joy,"When a study tour got confirmed, I was happy all the time till    the tour began."
anger, I know . I still haven ’ t heard from her . The good thing is that I ’ m so angry with her that I don ’ t feel sad about not having her around . 
joy,When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned my love.
fear,Needles? Lollll bring on the water works!! 
surprise,just got my son &quot;beats by Dre&quot; Headphones for xmas he gonna be so shocked when he opens them up since he thinks he wont get them 
sadness,Don't feel good and I got a math test 
neutral," Yes , I do . "
surprise,@Adele_am au niveau de la robe moi j'en ai vu 2 mais j'ai une autre idée donc !! Lol
sadness,RIP Patrice O'Neil....the world of funny will miss you
fear,is a good fucking movie.
neutral, How's it ? 
joy,When my term paper was evaluated.
anger,"YOU'VE PROBABLY HAD DICK FROM 99% OF THE BURTON POPULATION, MORE STD'S THAN FRANKIE COCOZZA AND YOU'RE FUGLY. are your parents proud? "
sadness,My sister lost one of her twin sons (my first nephews) and then the older one died a week later.
joy,Was laughing at a pic that @peytonallen  tweeted n I'm in the bath then realised my family can hear me making weird noises in the bath 
neutral, John . 
anger,"Grrr I've lost all necessary MicroSD's folders....! Music, pics, videos, wallpapers, my research documents and handbooks for studies! "
joy,"I don't know why I'm in such a great mood right now. I really don't, but I am so NOCOMPLAINTS! "
sadness,Sebastian Village is pissing me off I still don't have my mailbox key 
joy,Something just &quot;clicked&quot; for me: on this program @WeightWatchers I am NEVER hungry or deprived   
fear,@LovingDalston  All was a Parody! A Parody &amp; Celebration of Killing Children! Check the Truth! Media should be target with CAHumanity
joy,when my iris has a red circle around it i think that means my contact aint going in tomorrow ... 
joy,The young lord was overjoyed to see what a beautiful wife his friends had found for him . 
fear,that Kirk Franklin go hard! 
fear,"Mon collègue @fr3do_info se prend pour superman, le poing en avant, en roulant allongé sur sa chaise..."
surprise,The apt is xmas ready. Can't wait for my mom to come home :) 
joy,Last final complete and excited to be an Aggie Graduate!!  
anger,letting Explosions in the Sky express your pent-up emotions only works for the first 38 hours. hour 39 = crap. no paper in sight. 
anger,"` You 're angry I 'm here , are n't you ? "" "
fear,"Once when I was walking alone at mid-night, I happened to put my foot on a frog, as it felt smooth I thought that it was a snake  and I felt afraid. "
neutral, Sure . 
joy,"Transpose, transpose, transpose. "
sadness,"The thought that I'll never sit at the school desk again, caused a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form."
joy,"Hope both feel better soon! RT @lezbionic: Bronchitis for me. Upper respiratory infection, sinus infection AND bronchitis=wifey. "
joy,"What a long, painful days work. Same again tomorrow. "
surprise,Ten minutes late to work today (again) and my boss is randomly there #yourefired
neutral, Too bad . 
joy,I got the one person I've no idea what to buy for in form secret santa. 
fear,"Best thing ive heard all day....RT @RevRunWisdom: not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today #less"
fear,If your child is  reassure her something will be done about it to provide psychological relief from 
anger,Iv used my monthly allowance of Internet data apparently :S WTF now my iPhone is been proper slow! an cant connect to wifi.. 
joy,"When finally I found a place to live, I felt relieved, predicting changes in my life, and I became happy."
joy,Taking a break from studying just to go to yet another doctors appointment 
joy,"In other news, my mum made EFO.   "
anger,Love when i dont beat my highscore in doodlejump and i throw my phone and my wall and nothig happens #yay #ballin
surprise,"why is my paper not finished? oh that's right, my ass is stuck on twitter. "
fear,"Tom Shakeshaft , who is 15 , reveals his dismay at plans to drive a dual carriageway right through the beautiful piece of countryside where he lives . "
fear,"@JulieCarney27 world of pain... But, got up,bought decorations &amp; a Christmas tree! I also got a bottle of vino to take the edge off! "
neutral, Not yet . 
joy,"~ As musicas que nois danço com os munitores todo dia lá na tao na minha cabeça até agora , eu até dancei uma aki , kkkk ♥"
joy,When I understood that I was admitted to the University.
joy,Tuesday woken up to Oscar and Cornet practice X
surprise,@MichelGW have you gift! Hope you like it! It's hand made and you can wear it ! It'll keep you warm! Lol 
joy,The world didnt give it to me..so the world MOST DEFINITELY cnt take it away!!! 
anger, A man robbed me today . 
fear,"Youu call it JEALOUSY, I call it of #Losing YOU..."
sadness,"I think about you baby, and I dream about you all the time "
